before we start make sure to remove the
battery and the power adapter on the
bottom of the laptop slide the latch to
the right and the battery out loosen the
eight retaining screws
remove the access door cover from the
laptop remove the for two and a half
millimeter by eight millimeter screws
lift the hard drive out of the laptop
remove the four three millimeter by
three millimeter screws
lift the caddy
away from the hard drive slide the
connector off of the hard drive place
the connector onto the hard drive make
sure to align the connector post with
the caddy place the hard drive into the
caddy and replace the four screws
place the harddrive into the laptop
press firmly on the connector to make
sure it seats properly screw in the for
two and a half millimeter by eight
millimeter screws replace the access
door and tighten down the eight screws
slide the battery into the laptop until
it locks into place